Docs: Added name with a space to the mentions guide demo (#11208)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-mention/docs/features/mentions.md

## Configuration

> The minimal configuration of the mention feature requires defining a {@link module:mention/mention~MentionFeed `feed`} and a {@link module:mention/mention~MentionFeed `marker`}. You can also define `minimumCharacters` after which the autocomplete panel will show up. Moreover, feed items IDs may include whitespaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimal configuration of the mention feature requires defining a {@link module:mention/mention~MentionFeed `feed`} and a {@link module:mention/mention~MentionFeed `marker`}. You can also define the `minimumCharacters` parameter, setting the number of letters after which the autocomplete panel will show up. Moreover, feed items' IDs may include whitespaces.
```
